{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Javanese Text;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 *\b\i Clank\b0\i0 *\par
And with that, the final portion of barracade was officially put in place, materialising the ring in completeness for the first time. Sotenbori, one of the first-round locations, with at least two matches happening here, hopefully would prove a spectacular venue.\par
In a room located near the ring, Hyena sat alone in stillness. Or he would have if not for the near-constant dripping noise, plus the audible heaving in and out of air through the room like in some whale's chest cavity. It was a bare room - just a couple of benches in the centre, with a tap and mirror behind them, and covered in grey cement. \par
He was in his customary green suit with sunglasses on, which in a highly darkened room might seem unnecessary but he was rather used to donning shades in low light conditions. And so he sat, arms and legs crossed, heading slowly bobbing as though to a rhythm of the breeze.\par
Suddenly, a long, heavy creek predicated the metal door slowly pushing open with the sound of boots thudding in. Hyena kept his head down, hoping he could predict who it was without looking. \par
'\i Boots?\i0 ' he thought. '\i Also, a rather regular step to them - sure footed, plus they haven't said anything yet, must not think too highly of me, then. Hmmm...probably...one of those Ikari mercenaries...\i0 '\par
He turned his head up to see Leona Heidern, with an inscrutable blank expression complete with stern eyes simply observing him. He cackled softly under his breath, "Heh, knew it."\par
"So, you're my first team-mate huh?" He said, "I feel rather lucky, having someone as skilled and dangerous as you \i on\i0  my team, rather than against."\par
She kept her eyes firmly on Hyena, replying, "I hope you are aware...that your actions with Mephastopheles have not been forgotten. Not by me, nor by the relevant authorities."\par
"So you're actually here to apprehend me?" He turned his head down, shaking it mournfully, "Didn't take you for such paltry grunt work. I mean, I wasn't exactly \i high\i0  on the totem pole of the organisation."\par
"No, you were not. And you're definitely not on my list of priorities, urgent or otherwise."\par
"That hurts."\par
"However, I will not pretend as though we aren't aware of your past connections and dealings. Make no mistake, you are still an untried criminal as far as I, and my organisation, are concerned."\par
"So, what you're saying is, something like: '\i Don't push your luck because I can bag you for just sneezing wrong\i0 '? Or maybe '\i Don't think that just because we're on the same team, that I won't take your ass to the darkest, coldest cell at a moment's notice\i0 '?"\par
"I'll leave the interpretations up to you." She finally let her gaze waver from him, crossing her arms and scanning the room, "Do you know who our third team member is yet?"\par
"Oh, back to tournament talk now? Hmph, alright. No, I don't know who our team-mates are. I don't even know who our opponents are. Heh, some organisers, huh? Couldn't even let us know how we're up against early."\par
She turned her head back to him, still standing by the door, "Well, they told me."\par
"Oh? And?"\par
"Maxima, Athena Asamiya, and Ash Crimson."\par
\par
The wind picked up, forcing a large pull of breath in between all the creaks and gaps in the ventilation fixtures and loosened brickwork. Although it was a small room, it was also a rather cold one as little in the way of insulation was applied to any of the walls or ceiling. And so frigid silence sat between the pair, puncutated with whistles of wind streaming across the room.\par
Leona continued studying the room - moreso as a means to actively remain in the present, she couldn't let her thoughts drift. '\i I wonder if those three are strategising now?\i0 '. It didn't really matter whether she stayed in this tournament or not, the real work laid in the soon-to-come.\par
Hyena meanwhile fell into a deep moment of memory assessment, trying to recall all the facets of information that he had to memorise last time when acting as a sort of tournament liasson meets host meets show-runner.  \par
Finally with a dramatic start, emphasing his first word, Hyena spoke up again, "Alright. So...Ms. Asamiya? Right? Okay, I'm familiar enough with her. And I \i think\i0  (\fs16 emphasis on that 'think'\fs22 ) that I may have heard a thing or two about that Maxima person. But, as for this 'Ash Crimson'...nothing comes to mind." He turned over to Leona, sternly obseving him. "Care to enlighten me?'\par
She turned away from Hyena, going back to regarding the exposed brickwork in the corner of the room, "He's a mysterious one, he is. Not much info out."\par
"Really? Not even a note of what kind of moves he employs?"\par
"He uses fire," she replied sharply. Then, glancing back at Hyena, said, "Lots of green flames."\par
"Oh-ho. Now that's something! I'll bet it looks \i great\i0  in photos. Probably nice accent lighting in headshots. Speaking of headshots - you ever considered taking a couple? I know a few \i bang-out\i0  people who could \i really\i0  get you some modelling work?"\par
He chuckled at the not unexpected silent response. Barely a notice. \par
"Heh. Just a thought."\par
Another groaning creek appeared as the door again started to open. Leona took a couple of steps to her left and in came their third team-mate, dressed in a casual attire with a sports bag slung over her shoulder.\par
Her head very quickly orbited the room, eyes wide and searching, increasingly desperately looking for a sliver of hope in what she had walked into. \par
"Wait..." Her head froze sharply straight ahead, realising that she could easily see the entire space from this gaze, "...\b\i this\b0  is the changing room\i0 ?!"\par
Hyena looked down, shaking his head, "Oh dear."\par
Leona silently released a sigh, "Mai Shiranui. So you're our final team-mate huh?"\par
Mai frantically turned to the sudden voice, having been too absorbed in the dismay-inducing state of the room. "Hey, it's you!" she yelled, still wearing distress on her face. She then looked over at the benches, "Oh...I remember you..." she stated flatly, pointing limp wristedly at Hyena, as though identifying a stray cricket that had wandered into her room.\par
"Oh come on. I know that I don't have the \i best \i0 reputation but I \i do \i0 have feelings you know?"\par
"Hm. I'll keep that mind, maybe. Anyway, more importantly....where am I supposed to \b\i change\b0\i0 ?! I know KOF's been running a bit cheap for some years now - especially last year - but \b\i this is unacceptable\b0\i0 !"\par
Leona stepped back, leaning against the wall, "So did they tell you our opponents?"\par
"Haah, yeah...Athena, Maxima and that Ash person, right?"\par
"That's correct," Leona replied\par
"So..." Hyena started, "what's our order going to be?"\par
Mai dejectedly wandered to the second bench, curently empty, and placed her bag down. \par
Leona in turn moved back to her earlier position by the door, "I'm going first," she declared. "We need to start aggressively, rattle the opponent."\par
"Mmmmn, mmmn. I like your style, maybe you mercernary cutthroats ain't so bad!" Hyena laughed, "Okay and then second will be...?"\par
"You, of course," Leona stated.\par
"Me?? W-why I'm a showstopper! Not a stop-gap!"\par
"You \i really\i0  want to go against Ash Crimson? Recall what I said? Green flames? I don't know if you'd be comfortable with immolation."\par
This time Mai spoke, looking up from carefully pulling out her costume, "How do you know they'll put Ash last?"\par
"Because none of us know much about him. Probably no one in the tournament does. Would seem kind of a waste to just stick him in at the front, don't you think?" She checked her wristwatch quickly, "Besides, it's not Ash that I'm worried about here."\par
"It's not?" Hyena asked.\par
"\i What?!\i0  \i The?! Hell?!\i0  \b\i Why\b0  is the tap water \b slimy\b0 ??!"\i0   Mai screamed from the singular sink with hands covered in a grey, translucent fluid.\i  \i0\par
"Nope," Leona continued, "it's Maxima. He can take a ton of damage, I know. And outside of me and Shiranui, we might be lacking in the area of sufficient damage."\par
Still at the tap, Mai yelled, "\i Oh god!! Now the tap won't close!! Could one of you \b help\b0 ?!?!\i0 " \par
"I take offence to that." Hyena stated, slowly getting up towards Leona. "I mean, I'm no braggart but...I've been winning a few street tournaments here and there. I'm pretty tough and I can dish the damage out," he said, putting his fists up in a faux-boxer stance.\par
*\b\i Bang!! \b0\i0 *\par
The pipe under the sink now had a massive dent in its middle, reducing the 'water' to a slow drip out the faucet. \par
Mai chimed in, wiping her arms judiciously, "Yeah, \i sure \i0 you can. And \i I'm\i0  a \i master\i0  \i grappler\i0 , so we're basically unbeatable. Face it pal, you're the least experienced here and you haven't faced off against \i any \i0 of the KOF regulars. We're not like the street fighters you may've swept through."\par
"Hey I--wait...you're fighting in a raincoat? I guess it is a change from your usual outfit, how long have you worn that old thing anyway? Also what's that smell? Smells like week-old frog guts!"\par
"Shut it. I'm gonna change into my costume in the ring. You know, like a \i ninja\i0 ?"\par
Cutting in between the two, Leona continued strategy talk, "So Maxima is straightforward. He's durable, he's faster than he looks, he hits harder than lightning, and he's got reach."\par
"Then what do we do if we face him?" Hyena asked.\par
"Stay in his face and hit hiim with your fastest strikes. Though. I've got a feeling he's going to be their first pick, so I wouldn't worry too much about him."\par
"I mean...unless you lose..." Mai said, pulling a water bottle out of her bag.\par
"Losing is \i always\i0  an option, but you always have to plan as though it ain't."\par
Hyena began on the next opponent, "Athena Asamiya...I'll probably have to end up fighting her."\par
"Probably." Leona replied.\par
"Then, I think I can take her. She's fast, but I'm tricky. Not to mention that I've seen dozens of her fights, and I doubt she's seen even \i one \i0 of mine."\par
"I don't think \i any \i0 of us have." Mai snarked, "This might as well be your debut!" \par
"Just you wait! My dazzling style will steal the show in due time. Then everyone's going to forget all about ol' Red Ball Shiranui! Seriously though, what \i is that thing\i0 ? Your costume's got haemerroids or something?"\par
"And finally," Leona announced, "Ash Crimson. He's going to be mostly your opponent Mai. I don't know much about him."\par
"Me neither." Mai said, followed with a sigh, "I'll just have to adapt quickly and see what he can do!"\par
Hyena excitedly clapped his hands together, "Alright! Then we're all ready to go! Time to shine!"\par
\par
The area where the fighting would happen was in the more populous part of the city with waves of people casually walking along in the further background and an entire perimeter of a main crowd eager for the match.\par
Maxima was standing in the centre of the stage, appearing to wait patiently for the match to begin. He was actually up to two tasks mainly. \par
First was monitoring his vitals constantly, checking when something spiked out of control or something else lagged and threatened to stop. Professor Makishima was in his trio's secret care now (wasn't easy) but it would be a while before he can finish analysing the results of Maxima's condition and specify exactly what he needs to fix him. In the meantime, the three just needed to act as usual whilst killing time. And so they figured that the tournament would be the best way to avoid suspicions of doing anything, especially before Makishima fixes his Inertia Engine. \par
For an instant, Maxima's thoughts suddenly drifted to K' and Kula, wondering what unlucky duos would have to deal with each of their personalities. \par
'\i Long as K' isn't instigated too much, he'd play nice with others.\i0 ' Maxima thought. '\i But then again...there are a couple of people here who'd definitely push his buttons without trying...\i0 ' As for Kula, '\i Well, I just hope Princess doesn't get someone who treats her like a kid too much, or encourages her. \b That's \b0 the option that I'm more worried about...but if I'm being serious, what I'm actually worried about is...'\i0   \par
His subroutines kept sending a non-stop flow of information to him, partially pertaining to his vitals, but also pertaining to his second task: very carefully monitoring the state of the buildings overlooking the fighting square. \par
Athena was right at the barricade, signing autographs for every piece of paper, poster, album case, on-tour DVD documentary, toy microphone, plushie, and autograph book presented to her. She was surprised at the number of fans here to see her, she would really have to make a good showing for them all. Maybe even sing a little after the fight. Throughout the signings, she kept tilting her attention towards the buildings nearby. '\i Whoever it is, they're not moving. How long have they been there?\i0 '' she wondered, making an effort to appear unconcerned by indulging in her fans.\par
Ash Crimson sat seemingly dispassionately in the corner of the area, staring vaguely up at the sky. Though at the same timee, side-eyeing the all the same buildings that the other two were very aware of. He wondered what kind of people were stationed there, watching them so intently? Maybe he could quickly run up a building and settle things before the match started? He just needed to capture one. Then again probably the instant he moved towards any of them, they would all run. So what's better than to just sit there, casually, and pretend as though it didn't cause him any bother?\par
\par
As the crowd started opening up a tunnel, the three knew what was up and went into the centre of the fighting area. Leona, followed by Hyena, then Mai passed the barricade, and then met the other trio. \par
Mai walked ahead of her group, "So, you guys ready to lose?" she teased, still in her massive overcoat.\par
"That's good, starting out with confidence! It'll make your defeat less depressing." Maxima replied with a grin, making Mai almost wish she was up first.\par
Hyena stood slightly away from the rest, eyeing the opposition through his sunglasses and especially looking over at Ash, who also stood away from the main group.\par
'\i Well. I don't know what to make of him. Lean, so he's probably fast. But, then again...Duke could move like a bull on rocket-skates, so I'm not sure if I can tell how fast he moves. He's trying to look all cool and casual though. Hmph, that's my schtick buddy! Also, he's got a further reach than me, if those arms work proper. Still, green fire huh? Heh, sounds nasty.\i0 '\i  \i0\par
An official called out the first two combantants: Maxima and Leona. The rest dispersed, standing just outside the barricade split in their two teams. \par
Maxima paced a little along the centre, hands behind his head, stopping once Leona had stepped forward. "Had a feeling you'd go first," he said from a side-glance, "was really hoping for a tough fight."\par
Leona stood across from him, stretching her arms and legs, "And you don't think my team-mates would make for tough fights?"\par
"Not like you" he replied with a grin, finally turning to face her head-on.  He briefly considered mentioning the unknown watchers, but decided against it - maybe they were listening and would run at the mention of their presence. Besides, he had logged their positions, heat signatures, and sizes, he had time to track them all down later. However before he could fully focus on the fight, Leona suddenly spoke up, "Maxima. I've noticed."\par
He chuckled in surprise, nodding appreciatively, '\i Well, guess I should've known better. She's only been here five minutes and already noticed them. We'll all have to do something after this match.\i0 '\par
"You ever seen him fight?" Hyena asked to Mai before turning to his right and noticing her attention seemed far away, '\i Huh? Fight hasn't started yet and she's already concentrating? Never took her for the serious type, even in battle.\i0 '\par
'\i Who is it? \i0 ' Mai wondered, having already sensed the some presence skulking on a rooftop nearby, '\i KOF's already normally filled with underhanded business like this, so why add to it? I'm gonna go over to those jerks and give 'em a real reason to hide. Well, that at least explains the other team's tension when we came, it's not like we're \b that \b0 intimidating. Probably Leona also noticed, but I'm not so sure about...\i0 ' She turned to Hyena who had already been staring at her for the past minute. Making sudden eye-contact surprised them both. \par
"Gah!! Why the hell were you staring at me, you underworld creep!!" Mai yelled.\par
"What?! I was trying to talk to you earlier and you completely ignored me, you jerk!!" Hyena replied.\par
Mai turned her attention back to the fight, "Whatever!"\par
\par
Both teams had already been given the rules: \par
1) The six fighters, three on each team, were to face off in a series of one-on-one bouts. \par
2) Victory is assured by knocking out the opponent, or by preventing them from further continuing in battle.\par
3) Each singles fights was to be best two-out-of-three rounds and have one hour breaks after each round.  \par
4) There is a strict 90 second time limit.\par
5) In the event that neither fighter is incapacitated then a decision is made based on the amount of damage they have taken as recorded by specialised tournament technology.\par
6) There are no penalties for being knocked out of the ring, however time still continues and this can act as a negative bonus to one's overall damage.\par
7) The team without any members left to fight loses.\par
\par
\par
==================================================================\par
With Leona and Maxima eliminated, the next duo was called up. Hyena adjusted his suit, flattening his tie and pulling sharply on his jacket laurels. He then pulled off his sunglasses and turned to his left to eye Athena, who was not moving and in fact not even paying attention to him. \par
"\i Oh? Trying to play it cool, huh? Alright, alright. This'll be a hot one! \i0 "\i\par
\i0 He glided into the ring, taking a spot confidently in the centre with his arms crossed, head low, and eyes closed in giddy anticipation. \par
Mai looked over on her left and half-gasped half-laughed, covering her mouth and glancing over at the painfully unaware Hyena.\par
As he heard another pair of footsteps approach him, Hyena turned his head up and shocked into taking a step back - it was Ash Crimson.\par
"\i Oh no! But, he's supposed to be third!! What the hell am I supposed to do?! \i0 "\par
\par
==================================================================\par
Maxima - not at 100% v leona - leona wins after t-out, too injured to continue \par
hyena unexpectadly faces ash - when the observers suddenly disappear everyone is distracted slightly except hyena who uses the moment to knock Ash out of the ring which takes enough time for hyena to win\par
hyena gives a confusing time to athena before she wins\par
athena and mai end \par
===================================================================\par
"Oh, look, it's grouchy-pants himself!" Yuri exclaimed from the bench upon seeing the leather clad K', with his near-constant grimace, enter the room.\par
" " Ralf yelled from the opposite bench.\par
"Shut up!" K' snapped back, "You're both lucky enough to have me on your damn team. Least you could do is not whine my ears off the \i second\i0  I enter the room."\par
" " Ralf said.\par
K' dash walked over to the end of the room, leaning against the cement wall, "Since when have you been such a tight-wad?"\par
"I just don't like it when one of my team-mates shows themselves to be completely undependable! It means the rest of us lose through no fault of our own!"\par
"Well I'm here, so shut up about it already!"\par
"Okay, okay, boys, we've potentially got a \i long\i0  tournament ahead of us, so let's not blow up already, huh?" Yuri said. She then stood up, pointing up energetically, "Now then! For the match at hand! B Jenet, "\par
===================================================================\par
In one of the rooms...\par
"Just know, I can't abide by such an evil man as you for long." She stated, facing off against her would-be team-mate\par
"Oh? Then why not do something then, right here and now?" The imposing figure replied, still in a casual stance with his arms folded.\par
Makoto Mizoguchi stood up, walking over to the pair,  "Hey, I don't really care if you two have history or whatever. But don't go messing up my first tournament in years that I'm actually excited for. If either of you have a problem with each other, then take it out on me and then let's get on with the match!"\par
Duke shook his head dismissively, "This is a waste of time." He walked towards the door and stated "I go first, that's all."\par
"Hey, where do you think you're going?" Chae Lim asked\par
"I need to explore this wonderous mansion before the match begins, would be a shame if the only part that I saw was the actual fighting stage."\par
And with that he left. \par
"Ha ha ha. Well, at least that's it dealt with so--"\par
"I'm second." Chae Lim muttered before also leaving.\par
"*sigh*...what's with those two? It's a damn tournament, just fight!" \par
\par
\par
}
 